docs: update Sentry integration guide for built-in SDK support (#47709)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/telemetry/sentry-monitoring.mdx

> ## Example Next.js configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration for Next.js
```

Next.js runs Sentry across browser, server, and edge runtimes, and auth-aware setups (like `@supabase/ssr`) create a Supabase client per request. Since `instrumentSupabaseClient` patches database calls per runtime and auth calls per client instance, call it inside each of your client factories rather than on a single shared instance.

First, run through the [Sentry Next.js wizard](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/#install) to set up the base Sentry configuration.

> Then add `Sentry.instrumentSupabaseClient` to each factory. For example, the server client with `@supabase/ssr`:

Reviewer: Maybe this should be refactor as an ordered list, there seems to be clear sequential steps.

```ts utils/supabase/server.ts
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/nextjs'
import { createServerClient } from '@supabase/ssr'

export async function createClient() {
  const client = createServerClient(/* your usual URL, key, and cookie config */)

  Sentry.instrumentSupabaseClient(client)
  return client
}
```

> Do the same in your browser client (`createBrowserClient`) and middleware client so every runtime is covered. To include query filters and mutation bodies, enable `dataCollection: { userInfo: true }` in each runtime's Sentry config, or pass `Sentry.instrumentSupabaseClient(client, { sendOperationData: true })` at the call site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply the same changes in your browser client using `createBrowserClient` and middleware client so every runtime is covered.

To include query filters and mutation bodies, enable `dataCollection: { userInfo: true }` in each runtime's Sentry config, or pass `Sentry.instrumentSupabaseClient(client, { sendOperationData: true })` at the call site.
```

I would probably use the middleware client namespace there for the sake of consistency.
